we're at Silicon Valley High School in
Germantown the game of the week the
Silicon Valley Screaming Eagles hosting
the quince orchard Cougars this year 2nd
l has been late on offense by talented
junior quarterback Calvin Riegert along
with y receiver Kevin tooth Joffe and
running back james jones Williams who's
a senior defensively quince orchard
boasts high detailed linebacker Marcus
Newby at defensive lineman Karen Gregory
now the big question tonight is can the
quiss orchard offense stop the second
valley office well we're about to find
out
bye
they were better than us tonight we
weren't better tonight and I made the
place and that's that's why they want to
move in a friend Tom be my stuff I'll be
there another good chain there's a
frustrating shorts frustrating no me we
hung in there we kept Madeleine we kept
fighting and it didn't work out our way
but i'll tell you what next week you're
gonna see one pissed-off football team
it feel real good how does a newspaper
losing we had to shock the road that was
our moment before the game of gas shock
the world and by underestimate us we
came out got the win us huge is on
something we've been waiting for I was
like five years now and it's just going
on are we able to do it I'm just working
hard all offseason you know we're
waiting for this moment you know that
this is gonna be like the British 10
season which is moving honey how to do
something how to show up how to show
that we're still something about no
nobody thought we can do it and they
decide everybody take a guess s renewing
our horse if you can finish it and come
out there and get the win all right
coach Kim how big his win for the
silicon valley football / this is huge
for us you know for the first time the
longest time in the last couple years
you know we've always you know we've
been the underdogs you know against
quince orchard and you know usually our
football program maybe we've been
spoiling our past has always been the
favorites to win you know we've had some
laws last couple years you know we made
the playoffs but we just haven't been
able to get over the hump and for us you
know we haven't beaten in the last five
times we played them it's as big for us
so this was a huge front program
especially to solve the kids that you
know this is what it's all about where
else would you rather be on Friday night
you know be blessed you know thank every
moment you know beat have an attitude of
gratitude that you have an opportunity
to play in the game of the week how
often do we have that chance Sacramento
Game of the Week three times this year
out of five games that we got another
one coming up against Damascus which I'm
sure will be another big battle so I
mean take advantage of your
opportunities you know you know never
never blow anything never take anything
for granted and just you know take every
moment as it comes to seize the day
seize the opportunity
you